our next topic Mel Gibson driving so
drunk that night first of all I want to
thank Mel yeah he was arrested and uh
certainly took a certain amount of focus
that for me it was a moment of what do
you mean just like there but for the
grace of God you know you out of control
like that baby yeah a lot of people have
said is the is the person who said those
things the same person drunk
responsibly and are they the same are
you yourself no that's another side of
yourself that even you don't know and I
would say that and he said afterwards
you know I'm I'm he's repentant and said
all those things I wasn't there it's
like dr. Jekyll mr. Jack Daniels there
is another person who appears but a lot
of people out here said don't work with
him don't don't work with him in to us a
lot of people says his next movie makes
money they'll somehow work with him you
know you can do that we'll do the
passion on ice who's that you know it's
like and he's he's a he's a brilliant
guy you know does he have flaws and
foibles yes as he admitted it yes you'll
never please anybody I don't know
anybody here that hasn't said stupid
things publicly or privately and if they
get out it you know when you get caught
on tape from Mel Gibson to everybody I
know Mel very well and I'm Jewish myself
and he said some stupid things is when
he was you know high or drunk or
whatever but I know the guy I know that
he gave 20 million dollar check to start
mending kids privately and never talked
about it I know the guy that goes out of
his way to help refugees and stuff like
that and doesn't advertise it
it's your deeds not what you say you've
said potty words and so of is today I
asked Mel to present this award to me
for a reason because when I couldn't get
sober he told me not to give up hope and
he urged me to find my faith didn't have
to be his or anyone else's as long as it
was rooted in forgiveness and I couldn't
get hired
he cast me in the lead of a movie that
was actually developed for him and he
kept a roof over my head
and he kept food on the table and most
importantly he said that if I accepted
responsibility for my wrongdoings and if
I embraced that part of my soul that was
ugly hugging the cactus he calls it he
said that if I hug the cactus now enough
I'd become a man of some humility and
that my life would take on a new meaning
and I did and it worked all he asked in
return was that someday I help the next
guy in some small way I humbly ask that
you join me unless you are completely
without sin in which case you picked the
wrong industry and forgiving my friend
his trespasses offering him the same
clean slate you have me and allowing him
to continue his great and ongoing
contribution to our collective art
without shame
he's hugged the cactus long enough
and can you understand why the rest of
the world sees them as kind of a freak
show
I mean well where does that come from
well I I suppose if your private
conversations were tape recorded and put
on YouTube and he might be soft look
that is that freak show as well I'm
defending the man that I know the man
that I know who's kind and loyal and
he's an incredible professional who's
probably the most beloved actor of
anybody I've ever worked with in the
film business and I don't say that
lightly
you know the reason one of the reasons
that I wanted to work with him so badly
was not just because of his talent but
because I enjoyed work with him so much
and I've enjoyed I enjoyed him so much
as a person and he's been so good to me
such a good person so you know I I know
that he has struggles and when
somebody's struggling you don't run away
from them you know you love them and you
stand close to them and as I said to him
before you know I don't mind seeing you
and your underwear up but I'm not
interested in seeing in your underwear
against your will and I don't you know a
lot of the mistakes that people make
that we've all mistake which by the way
I don't think are as unusual as people
might think aren't usually play out on
the 8 o'clock news you know what I think
first of all I think there's a couple of
things here we're missing you know in
that it does record it phone calls okay
it all happened in one day what's the
missing link we don't get what set the
thing off all right
so I'm not saying that Mel didn't sound
crazy but my first question is what did
she do that set him off okay but number
two he's a really talented guy I mean
he's a great actor people I'm just
telling him so when people say oh his
career is over
Robert Downey jr. was in jail about his
and his career was over
and he crawled into a teenage girl's bed
from the beach in Malibu because he was
so out of it he thought it was he was in
his own house but now no it's not it's
the same thing second chance everybody
deserves a second chance but I know Mel
and I know he's not a racist oh really
yeah I do can you make me a bonehead
well that language certainly sound
braces well again I have had a long
friendship with it Mel I just want to
clear the
let me finish this this is that you can
say he's being an bone head but I can't
sit and say that he's a racist having
spent time with him in my house with my
kids I can't say it and so I really just
need to say that because I had the
audacity to say that I had some personal
time with Mel that goes over years and
years and said that I did not think of
him as a racist people lost them I said
oh you you are defending him but here's
the piece of information that I have my
experience tells me that this is not a
racist now being a black woman you think
you would give me a little bit of you
know lead wait to have some feel if I
was around a racist
but then people called my office called
my office and went off on the young lady
that works there
you're gonna call cuz you think I'm
doing something wrong and you'd do the
same thing to this young lady that you
don't even know that Mel Gibson
supposedly did who are you
you can kiss
if you a consent appear with say this is
what I believe and you don't have to
like it but I do it and you see me face
to face and you call my office you
cowardly piece of dog mess and the last
thing I want to say cuz I want to
confess to you guys
is that I myself am a racist I mean
you're laughing but here's what happens
if you cut me off while I'm driving and
I happen to look over whatever I see
that's what you are or you're female you
are everything in the book in in my book
and I realize given the criteria people
are using for races that I'm a racist
now if there any of you can actually
look in the mirror and say that you've
never done that then you get the right
to cast the first stone you have for Mel
Gibson you know what
hang in there Mel
he's had a lot of great work
not beat him up too much Jackie so
forgiving why are you so forgiving I'll
be honest with you it's not that I'm so
forgiving is that all these people are
very sick they get this a vicious sick
perverted sadistic thrill out of this
whole thing look at the gleam that look
at that happiness about catching him
because they're all basically failures
but he never amounted to anything or his
actors who are struggling to make a
living and they've always been envious
and bitter and jealous of a guy who
makes such a huge success so now in the
guise of being a great crusader against
anti-semitism they found an excuse it's
all that excuse of rationalization of
throny excuse to marry this guy is
because they were enjoying it with such
a sick boy that plenty did say a lot at
sailor Nancy things as a Jew how do you
feel now let me be very honest with you
nobody said excuse these remarks but do
you ever take it so seriously when a guy
is drunkenness drunken stupor laying on
the floor and he says somebody kills
things people catch their own mother in
a state like that they told their whole
family to drop dead I mean the whole
family will be going to a cemetery by
Thursday you got to be a moron you got
to be the phoniest wretched fraud in the
world to claim that it's a truth serum
you know Fitz your family or your
friends and they say some of the drunken
state you say was drunken you'll forget
about it and I don't can State you've
might bang your head against the wall
does that mean you really want to break
it you might go into a concert you're
not better don't ask your question did
you notice how people beg a guy not to
drive when he's drunk any drives anyway
because he doesn't even know he's drunk
and he doesn't even know he shouldn't be
driving and he doesn't even know that
ten seconds later he's dead that's a
very that's a very good Wow
I wanna ask you a question these people
who are attacking him they're all saying
the same thing in Hollywood I would
never wake put him again these are all
failures I never worked with him before
in advance them to Mike wouldn't be
don't need them he makes a fortune that
they could get a job and they're
threatening him that they won't work
with him again do you think a lot of
this is jealousy jealousy and hate that
contempt for a guy who's doin so good
they say they should get over themselves
they did not if they're offended because
they knew you were offended if you know
anything about his life his life has
been a mecca of decency all of his life
he never offended in joy in his life
personally how a guy lived for 50 years
is watch account not one remark when
you're drunk he never joined the
but his anti-semitic he never refused to
give a guy a tip at a restaurant because
he found out he's Jewish his days house
doesn't have a sign in front of it that
says no Jews allowed what did he ever do
that same fight Jewish in his life a
whole 50 years of decency doesn't
because we should have decency is more
important and if we can see into his
world that stuff but backing people and
I feel free very much now I think that
he is strangely being crucified in
public by the media we don't know and
shouldn't be judging details to do with
the woman he's with and the child they
had and that's for the court but I I
will say you know publicly that he is a
decent man he's a highly talented man
I'm sorry for what has happened to him
and I am very fond of it I will stand by
and if he ever asked me to he'll always
be to me have that deep connection and
somebody that I respect so I would I
just don't judge him and Who am I to
judge somebody I love that story it's a
biblical thing about the glass house and
throwing stones so I think that should
apply to me